Overview of UBL Ameen

Backed by UBL’s over 50 years heritage of solid banking, UBL Ameen offers a full range of Shariah Compliant Islamic Banking products and services through its dedicated branches in major cities across Pakistan.

Now for your convenience, UBL Ameen Islamic Banking online facility is also available at 1400+ UBL Online branches, in addition to UBL Ameen branches.
Vision & Mission

VISION

To establish UBL Ameen as a leading Islamic Banking services provider in the Islamic Banking Industry.

MISSION

To provide excellent services to the customers in accordance with their requirements and tailor Shariah Compliant Products to meet their demands by ensuring and strictly adhering to present Shariah Standards, applicable.


Home BankingUBL AmeenRetail Banking Products
UBL Ameen Esaar Account

UBL Ameen Esaar Account (AEA) is not just an account but an opportunity to contribute for betterment of society. Based on Shariah rules and regulations, Ameen Esaar account not only provides the ease of banking to its account holders but also contributes to the society on their behalf to fulfil their social responsibilities as well. Click Here
UBL Ameen Freelancer Account

UBL Ameen is pleased to introduce islamic Freelancer Account with minimum documentation for freelancers to facilitate this segment in getting their earning into formal bank account. This account not only facilitates in receiving their payments/salaries with ease but also offers exclusive benefits tagged with the account.Click Here
UBL Ameen Pensioner Account

UBL Ameen Pensioner Account” is specially designed for pensioners to facilitate them in receiving their pension amount. The saving account is designed for pensioners who want to earn profit on their investment for routine expenses. Click Here
UBL Ameen Urooj Account

UBL Ameen is pleased to introduce exclusive Shariah compliant bank account for women customers which gives greater control over their earnings and savings as well as access on financing products. Click Here
Ameen Mukammal Current Account - PKR

Ameen Mukammal Current Account is a checking account which aims to provide the necessary tools to individuals, and corporate customers to transact their entire bank related business and personal activities. Funds received are on the basis of Qardh and are used only in Shariah compliant business. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Asaan Account

UBL Ameen Asaan Account caters the banking need of unbanked segment of the society with simplified account opening requirements and processes. The account can be opened with minimal documentations and initial deposit of PKR 100/-. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Current Account FCY

Ameen Current Account - Foreign Currency is ideal for those customers and individuals who wish to maintain a secure foreign currency transaction account. Ameen Current Account (FCY) is a checking account which aims at providing the necessary tools to individuals, and corporate customers to transact their bank related business and personal activities. For more detail, Click Here
UBL Ameen Saving Account – FCY

UBL Ameen Foreign Currency Saving Account is a Mudarabah based deposit product which offers Shariah Compliant profit to its depositors which is paid on monthly basis. It is a single tiered account with no transaction limits and convenience of fund accessibility in line with the rulings of Foreign Exchange Manual. Click Here to learn more.
Ameen Saving Account Local Currency

Ameen Saving account is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and simultaneously provides optimal returns, be it trade, business or personal banking needs. Ameen Saving is a tier based saving account where the expected rate of return increases in each progressive tier. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Business Account Local Currency

UBL Ameen Business Account (ABA) is a Mudarabah based account which aims at providing a Shariah Compliant tool to individuals and corporate customers to transact their business activities in a most convenient and economical manner across Pakistan. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Mukammal Saving Account

Ameen Mukammal Saving Account (AMSA) is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and provides optimal returns to fulfill the business or personal banking needs on Monthly basis. AMSA is a tier based saving account where the rate of return increases in each progressive tier i.e. larger deposits fall into higher tiers with greater returns. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Minor Saving Account Local Currency

Ameen Minor Saving Account is designed specifically for junior/children under the age of 18 years with exciting packages in accordance the rules of Mudarabah Ameen Minor Saving Account is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and simultaneously provides optimal monthly returns. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Daily Munafa Account Local Currency

Ameen Daily Munafa Account is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and simultaneously provides optimal monthly returns on daily product basis, be it trade, business or personal banking needs. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Premium Account Local Currency

Ameen Premium account is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and simultaneously aims to provide High returns, be it trade, business or personal banking needs. Ameen Premium is a wide range tier based saving account where the expected rate of return increases in each progressive tier i.e. larger deposits fall into higher tiers with greater returns. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Zindagi Account

UBL Ameen Zindagi Account fulfills the financial needs of senior citizens by offering high yield competitive rates under shariah compliant investment mode. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Good Citizen Account

The first ever especially designed Islamic current remunerative product with an aim to offer “Free Tax Facilitation” services to individuals and Sole proprietors through a reputative Independent Tax Consultant “M/s Befiler” to UBL Ameen Good Citizen accountholders to help them understand not only the importance of filing income tax return timely but also how to file the tax returns and pay taxes with peace of mind. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Tezraftaar Asaan Remittance Account

Now receive your foreign home remittances from all around the world in a secured, convenient and complete peace of mind. Just inform your account number/IBAN to your overseas remitters to enable them to remit directly into your UBL Ameen Tezraftaar Asaan Remittance account. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Premium Certificate Local Currency

Ameen Premium Certificate is specially designed for those investment account holders who are willing to get high return on their investments with multiple benefits. Funds are received on the basis of Mudarabah and are used only in Shariah compliant business. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Certificate of Islamic Investment Local Currency

Ameen Certificate of Islamic Investment is a unique investment product with multiple benefits, which aims at providing appropriate return to customers. Funds are received on the basis of Mudarabah and are used only in Shariah compliant business. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Financial Institution Deposit Account Local Currency

Ameen FI Deposit Account is a checking account allowing maximum flexibility and provides High returns to Financial Institutions from their Shariah- Compliant avenues. Ameen FI Deposit is a wide range tier based saving account where the expected rate of return increases in each progressive tier i.e. larger deposits fall into higher tiers with greater returns. For more detail, Click Here
Banca Takaful

Life is full of uncertainties and seldom turns out the way you plan for all the important life stages and milestones in your life. Through all this, you wish to have an extra stream of income that manages to fund these glorious moments of life. For more detail, Click Here
UBL Ameen Employee Banking

UBL Ameen Employee Banking (UBL Ameen@Work) offers a Shariah Compliant Solution for a low cost and automated salary disbursement mechanism with multiple benefits for Corporates/Employers and Employees. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Cash Management

Cash management is a broader term that refers to the proceeds of collections & payments of large scale corporate, Retail & SME customer’s. The goal is to manage the funds of an enterprise in a way as to maximize the availability of funds for their running business. For more detail, Click Here


Ameen Premium Debit MasterCard

UBL Ameen Premium Debit MasterCard, now with the power and international acceptance of MasterCard and Cirrus! Your Premium Debit MasterCard has all the convenience and security you desire and the quality you deserve. Premium Debit MasterCard allows you to withdraw cash up to Rs.200,000/- per day through 10,000 ATMs across the country and at more than 1.5 Million ATMs worldwide. For more detail, Click Here
Ameen Visa Classic Debit Card

Introducing the new UBL Ameen Visa Card, now with the International power of VISA. For more detail, Click Here
SMS Alert Service

Through this facility, you will be able to receive banking transaction details as soon as it happens without visiting or contacting the bank. For more detail, Click Here
E-Statement

The earth is our home and to protect its natural resources is everyone responsibility. UBL Go-Green is a small step in this direction – an initiative taken by the bank to give back to the environment what generations after generations have taken for granted. For more detail, Click Here

Corporate Banking

As an integral part of the Ameen Islamic banking team, it is our duty and responsibility to ensure that we fulfill and satisfy all financial needs of our Corporate clientele, with innovative products, personalized banking and exceptional services – all based on the foundations of the Islamic financial system.

Our aim is to create new benchmarks and raise the bar in product and service delivery, catering to the diverse and ever-challenging demands of our target customer base. Being one of the biggest players in the country’s economy, we are aware of our heritage and the legacy that we carry in the eyes of our clients, and the resultant excellence they rightly expect from us. We look forward to taking on this responsibility and are committed in providing our corporate customers a greater and richer array of Islamic products and services to choose from, while meeting their business needs on Islamic banking tenets.

UBL AMEEN OFFERS FOLLOWING PRODUCTS & SERVICES ALONG A WIDE SPECTRUM:

Ijarah Financing

Islamic Export Refinance Scheme

Islamic Export Refinance Scheme

UBL Ameen with the support of State Bank of Pakistan offers the Islamic Export Refinance Scheme (IERS). The aim of this product is to facilitate and provide financing to exporters at subsidized profit rates. It is available under both Part I and Part II as per the SBP guidelines.

UBL Ameen Employee Banking

Shariah Compliant payroll solution with multiple benefits

UBL Ameen Employee Banking (UBL Ameen@Work) offers a Shariah Compliant Solution for a low cost and automated salary disbursement mechanism with multiple benefits for Corporates/Employers and Employees. It is more than just disbursing salaries to employees on behalf of Employer; it offers an all-in-one banking platform to the employees as well. It makes life easier for employees with convenient banking solutions consisting of multiple products & services at preferential pricing. This is a secured and hassle-free way of banking not just for the employees, but for employers as well.

We are continuously involved in providing innovative solutions, expanding our products/services suite and increasing efficiency to meet the financial needs of Islamic Banking Customers.
Benefits to Employers:

Digital Corporate Portal allows you the access of online banking portal to make real-time disbursement to your employees conveniently.
Dedicated Operation Team for employee onboarding with no extensive paperwork, and also facilitates in after sales services.
Automated Client Onboarding through Bulk Account Opening.
ATM Installation is subject to mutual understanding between Employer and the Bank.
Consumer Products offering to employees with convenience.
Retail Products Cheque book, Debit Card, Digital Banking, Net banking and 24/7 Phone Banking customer services etc.
Benefits to Employees:

UBL Ameen@Work offers Shariah Compliant product with the flexibility of opening “UBL Ameen Employee Banking Current Account” and “UBL Ameen Employee Banking Saving Account” on the basis of Qard and Mudarabah respectively.

Riba Free Banking
Quick and easy account opening process
Auto and Home Financing
Investment in Bancatakaful
No Minimum Balance Requirement
Transactional convenience and privileges
Investment in Wealth Management
Takaful Coverage
Following are the exclusive benefits for employees having a Payroll account under the arrangement of UBL Ameen@Work:

Free Cheque Book
Free Debit/ATM Card
Free Internet Banking
Free Inter-Bank Funds Transfer (IBFT)
Free Accidental Takaful Coverage
Free E-Statement
Free Digital SMS Alert
Free Over the Counter Cash Deposit – Countrywide
Free Inter Branch Online Transactions – Countrywide
No Switch Fee
The prevailing Ameen Schedule of Bank Charges shall be applicable.
Product Terms and Conditions apply.

Mera Ghar Mera Ashiana

UBL Ameen - Islamic Banking brings to you a cost-effective House Financing Scheme under the Shariah Compliant mode. Build your dream house in the land built on dreams, as we ascend hand-in-hand to a prosperous tomorrow. Click Here
UBL Ameen Drive

If you are an individual and wants to avail Shariah Compliant car financing on the suitable terms and conditions, UBL Ameen Drive is the right choice for you.Click Here for details.
UBL Ameen Address

UBL Ameen Address empowers you to own your dream house by offering a host of options that are affordable and flexible. Now, choose the best service at the lowest prices, and make your dream house a reality with UBL Ameen Address.Click Here for details.

Ameen Light Commercial Vehicle (LCV) Financing

SUMMARY

Ameen LCV Financing is available for Small & Medium Enterprises (SME) for obtaining light commercial vehicle for business purpose on Shariah compliant mode of finance. It’s exclusively designed for business segment operating as Sole Proprietorship, Self-Employed, Partnerships working in Logistics/Transportation/Distribution etc. sector. Vehicle acquired through Ameen LCV Financing is intended for business purpose only.
Salient Features
Financing facilities available up to Rs.10 Million.
Competitive Rental rates
Light Commercial Vehicle (Pick-up / Van / Mini Truck)
Simplified procedure
Quick processing


Eligibility
Experience: Minimum 2 years of respective business experience
Age: Minimum 21 years and Maximum 65 years (at the time of maturity of financing)
Required documents

Customer Request Letter (Application Form, Islamic Transactional Documents/Agreements)
Valid CNIC
1 Photograph
Financial statements
1 Year latest bank statement
FAQs – Ameen Light Commercial Vehicle (ALCV)

What is LCV Financing?

It’s a financing facility to acquire Light Commercial Vehicle (LCV) jointly by the Bank and customer which enables you to utilize commercial vehicle for business purpose.
Who can apply for financing facility?

Small & Medium size business entities (SME) including Sole Proprietorship, Self-Employed can apply for the said facility.
What is the maximum amount I can apply for?

It depends on repaying capacity and business requirement, however max limit is Rs.10 Million (New Vehicle) for SME customers subject to SBP PR requirement.
Which types of vehicles are eligible for financing?

Following vehicles are eligible:

New local assembled
New Imported vehicle
Used Local Registered
What types of vehicles are covered under LCV?

Pick-up
Van
Mini Truck
What types of vehicles are not covered?

Heavy Duty Trucks
Buses
Coaches
Can I avail multiple financing facilities?

Yes, you can apply for multiple times.
How old vehicles are allowed under used vehicle?

Five years old from manufacturing date at the time of finance provided the maximum age of vehicle at the time maturity will be eight years old.
What would be the Mode of Repayment?

Mode of Repayment includes Account Debit Authority / Cashier Cheque / Cheque / Cash / Online Transfer, etc.
How can I get Shariah Compliant Financing?

You can visit any of our nearest Ameen branch or we may forward your request to our Consumer Sales team who will get in touch with you to discuss your requirements.

For more information, call us at (021) 111-825-888

Banca Takaful

Life is full of uncertainties and seldom turns out the way you plan for all the important life stages and milestones in your life. Through all this, you wish to have an extra stream of income that manages to fund these glorious moments of life .Therefore, whether you are planning to provide the best education to your children, or safely finance their marriage, or arranging a comfortable home, providing financial security to your loved ones, or planning your own retirement. Now you can protect your family’s future with Better Life Takaful plans that is in accordance to your beliefs and Shariah principles.

To meet your specific requirements, United Bank Limited provides you golden opportunity to invest, in Better life Takaful Plans in collaboration with EFU & JLI.
BETTER LIFE TAKAFUL PLANS

What is Takaful?

Takaful comes from the Arabic root-word ‘Kafalah’ — “To look after or guarantee”. Takaful means mutual protection and joint guarantee. Takaful is based on the concept of brotherhood and mutual solidarity. It is a unit linked fund comprising of Shariah compliant investment.
Product Offering

Better Life Takaful plans offers you all the flexibility you need, because we understand that each individual has unique needs .Each plan is specifically designed to benefit the customers, providing the better and secured future to your family and loved ones.

Following plans are being offered to our valued customers:

Plan options	Description
Better Life Takaful Child Savings Plan	This plan is ideal for those who wish to save up for their child’s education and marriage expenses without any disruption. This is a unit linked & waqf based Shariah compliant takaful plan.

For more details you may click any of the following:
EFU Better Life Takaful Child Savings Plan
Jubilee Better Life Takaful Child Savings Plan
Better Life Takaful Savings Plan	The plan enables to save regular amounts of money and offers them the much needed financial comforts in year to come. This is a unit linked & waqf based Shariah compliant takaful plan.

For more details you may click any of the following:
EFU Better Life Takaful Savings Plan
Jubilee Better Life Takaful Savings Plan
You Protect Takaful Plan	This Plan is a comprehensive and affordable protection based benefit plan ensures that the family of member covered remains financially protected in the event of hospitalization, or in case of an unfortunate event of natural and accidental death.

For more details you may click any of the following:
EFU You Protect Takaful Plan
Jubilee You Protect Takaful Plan
IGI Better Life Takaful Vitality Plan	This is a smart investment plan designed for high-net-worth individuals having smart phone, based on the shared value Takaful model, linked to the Vitality wellness programme that encourages you to lead a healthier and active lifestyle and offers you attractive rewards for doing so while availing of Takaful coverage.

For more details you may click any of the following:
IGI Better Life Takaful Vitality Plan
Better Life Takaful High Value Saving Plans	This Plan is an investment- linked takaful product which offers you the opportunity to make wise investment choices and get your family brighter tomorrow. It also helps you to accumulate funds for achieving your ambitions and maximizing your investments and increasing your returns.

For more details you may click any of the following:
EFU Better Life Takaful Shaheen Plan
JLI Better Life Takaful Parbat plan	For more details you may click any of the following:
JLI Better Life Takaful Parbat plan
State Life takaful endowment plan	State Life Takaful plan is a unit based plan to grow your savings through risk averted investments under shariah principles and is specially designed to provide you an opportunity to protect, save, invest your money for a financially secured future For more details,
State Life takaful endowment plan

Free Takaful Cover

UBL Ameen Islamic Banking now provides FREE Takaful Cover of Accidental Death and Permanent Disability up to Rs. 1,500,000/- to its customers in collaboration with UBL Insurers Limited – Window Takaful Operations
What is Takaful?

The word “Takaful” originates from the Arabic word “Kafalah” which means “To Guarantee”. Through inflection it changed to “Takaful” which means to “jointly guarantee each other”. Takaful is a viable alternative to conventional insurance based on the principles of brotherhood, solidarity and mutual cooperation.
Features & Benefits

The Takaful Coverage limit varies with the monthly average balance available in bank account and will be determined as follows:
Benefits Table

Monthly Average Balance	Takaful Limit in PKR
0 - 4,999	No Coverage
5,000 - 49,999	150,000
50,000 - 249,999	250,000
250,000 - 499,999	500,000
500,000 - 999,999	1,000,000
1,000,000 and Above	1,500,000
Additional Benefit

Double Indemnity: If the account holder dies in any road, sea or air accident together with his/her spouse then the amount payable will be 1.5 times the sum covered.
Terms & Conditions

From March 1, 2020 all existing and new individual Ameen account holders are covered.
Customers age 75 & above are excluded from this policy.
Customers with dormant accounts (Inactive for 12 months) are not eligible for takaful coverage
Account balances less then Rs. 5000/- are not covered in this policy
Account holders having more than one account in UBL Ameen Branches and/or Islamic Banking Window will be provided only one takaful cover.
For claim settlement, average monthly balance of previous month of occurrence of accident during policy period will be taken into account.
The policy shall only cover the account holder, and any other family member are not covered excluding additional benefit of Double Indemnity.
Accidental Death/Disability reported after 90 days of the occurrence of the accident will be excluded.
The policy covers Permanent disability and Permanent partial disability, no benefits will be given in case of temporary disability.
In case of account holder gets compensation for permanent disability and he eventually dies, the account holder shall not be entitled for multiple claims.
The policy is non-transferable and non-saleable.
Closure of the account, where the reason is other than the death of the account holder, will result in automatic cancellation of the policy cover
Death/disability due to murder, terrorism, war and warlike operations civil war and civil commotion are excluded.
Information relating to the next of kin in the account opening form shall be construed information. If the account holder would like to nominate another person as the next of kin (beneficiary), kindly visit your branch for details.
Policy coverage shall come into effect immediately at the time of account opening by the customer.
In case of joint account, the Takaful Limit shall be divided on a pro-rata basis.
Apply for Takaful Claim
In case of occurrence of accidental event, the customer or the person (next of kin) as mentioned in Account Opening Form shall contact respective UBL Ameen Branch/Islamic Banking Window or/and Takaful Company at the following address and submit Claim Form, Bank Statement:

UBL Insurers – Window Takaful Operations
126-C, Jami Commercial Street No. 14,
Phase-VII, DHA, Karachi, Pakistan.
UAN: 111-845-111,

The customer or next of kin will also submit further documents as demanded/required by Takaful Company.
The Claim Form, is available at UBL Ameen Branch/Islamic Banking Window and Website.
Bank statement must be duly verified by the branch
Coverage Matrix

Description	Coverage
Death	100%
Loss of two or more limbs by amputation at or above wrist or ankle	100%
Total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in both eyes	100%
Total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in one eye and loss of one limb by amputation at or above wrist or ankle	100%
Permanent Loss of Speech	100%
Total and incurable paralysis	100%
Total and incurable insanity	100%
Loss of one limb by amputation at or above wrist or ankle	50%
Total and irrecoverable loss of all sight in one eye	50%
Loss of thumb and index finger of either hand by amputation at or above the metatarsophalangeal joint.	50%
Loss of one finger or one big toe	5%
Exclusions

Suicide
Enmity or personal, family or tribal feud or animosity of any kind
Pregnancy, miscarriage, childbirth or any non-malignant disease occurring in or in connection with the female reproductive organs
Pre-existing physical / bodily injury, mental defect or infirmity which existed prior to the Commencement Date of insurance
Self-inflicted injury, intoxication, insanity, fighting or unlawful / criminal act.
Flying other than as passenger in a certified commercial aircraft.
War, civil war or rebellion, invasion, act of foreign enemy, hostilities (whether war is declared or not) and civil commotion.
Service on duty with any armed, naval, air force service or para-military forces and civil armed forces. However, this exclusion only applies where such a person is employed for law enforcement and security duty and sustains injury whilst performing such duty.
Hazardous sports such as motorcycling, hunting, steeple chasing, mountaineering, racing of any kind, winter sports, diving, parachuting, hang gliding, boxing, wrestling, underwater activities requiring breathing apparatus.
Direct or indirect result of Human Immune Deficiency Virus (HIV).
Alcohol, narcotic / drug unless taken as prescribed by a qualified registered medical practitioner.
Deliberate self-exposure to unnecessary danger except in the attempt to save human life.
Disease or Sickness.
Disappearance except in the event of total loss by shipwreck of the ship or air crash of the aircraft.
Exceeding age 75 years.
Terrorism & sabotage.
Accidental Death/Permanent Disability reported after 90 days of the occurrence of the accident.
For further details, please visit your nearest UBL Ameen Branch / Islamic Banking Window or call us at 111-825-888.