UBL Smart Account
Instantly unlock your financial freedom!
You just need your CNIC and a mobile number registered to your name.

No initial deposit


No minimum balance


No proof of income

An account for everyone.
All Pakistani residents, aged 18 and over are eligible to open a Smart Account. You only need three things:

Your CNIC for
identification.


A mobile number
linked to your CNIC


Your front camera
for selfie verification.


Swift Access.
Seamless Setup.
Start banking digitally as soon as you open your account. No callbacks or further verification required.

24/7 banking with UBL Digital
App and Netbanking


Maximum account balance of
PKR 1 million


Monthly sending and receiving
limit of PKR 1 million


Select your preferred account
type (Islamic/Conventional)


Free Insurance/Takaful
coverage


Empowering you to save money and the planet.
Opening a Smart Account will not only save time and money, but also contribute to fuel conservation and environmental wellbeing. Track your positive impact through our app.

No Paper,
No Hassle.
Smart Account is entirely paperless. Committed to delivering an exceptional customer experience, we refrain from sending unnecessary emails and paper statements.

Your mobile phone is
now your debit card.
Avoid touching buttons or exchanging cash through contactless payments. UBL Pay is a simple, smart, and secure way to pay at shops and restaurants.
Click here to view the Terms & Conditions and Schedule of Charges.

All Set. Let’s Start.
To open an account, scan the QR code below or download the UBL Digital App available on.


UBL Islamic Digital Account

UBL Islamic Digital Account.
Pakistan’s first Islamic account that opens digitally.

 
Effortless.
Anything but conventional.
UBL Digital Account.
A current account built from scratch.
Powerful.
No limits.
No restrictions*
Full service, unrestricted bank account.
Not a wallet. Not a gimmick.

Digital account opening.
Biometric at ATM.

No minimum
balance required

24/7 banking with UBL Digital App & Netbanking
 
Valuable.
Industry best.
The best current account in
Pakistan. Digital & Otherwise.

IBFT Via
App & Netbanking


Account Statements via App


Insurance
Takaful Coverage 1


Free
Pay Order


Free
Cheque Book


Debit Card

Note: On maintaining a YTD Average Balance on any UBL Ameen Current/Saving account segment, waivers on UBL Islamic Digital Account will be provided as per the UBL Ameen Mukammal Account Waiver grid in SOC.
This note is only valid for Islamic Digital Account.

Avant Garde.
Experience tomorrow,
today.
New ways to pay.
Online. In Stores. At the beach.
Contactless Payments with your mobile in stores 4
Pay bills & fees to more than 800 billers via the App
Schedule your payments & transfers
Pay securely online with UBL Debit Card
Pay even more securely online with Virtual Wiz Cards 5

Who can open this account?
All Pakistani individuals, aged 18+.
Professional. Business Owner. Freelancer. Homemaker.
Student. Entrepreneur. Retiree. Everyone is welcome.
You will need:

Digital copy of your valid CNIC

Mobile Phone number registered with your CNIC

Working Email
address
 
Digital copy of your proof of income and/or funds
 
Webcam for taking a Live Photo

Photo of your signature on a white paper
Apply with the latest version of web browser. We suggest to use Google Chrome for seamless account opening process.


UBL Asaan Digital Account


Only need your valid CNIC.
That’s it!
It doesn’t get easier than this.

No Initial Deposit
 

Digital Account Opening
Biometric at ATM

No Minimum Balance
Requirement

24/7 Banking with UBL Digital App & Netbanking
 
Simple. Effortless.
Best in the industry.
UBL Digital offers the best digital Asaan current account in Pakistan.

Islamic & Conventional banking


Free Insurance / Takaful Coverage 1


Maximum balance limit of PKR 3 Million


Free cheque book


Debit Card


IBFT on Digital App / Netbanking

Who can open this account?
All Pakistani individuals, aged 18+.
Professional. Business Owner. Freelancer. Homemaker.
Student. Entrepreneur. Retiree. Everyone is welcome.
You will need:

Digital copy of your valid CNIC

Mobile Phone number registered with your CNIC

Digital copy of your signature

Webcam for taking a Live Photo



UBL Asaan Mobile Account

Open UBL Asaan Mobile Account in minutes!

UBL Asaan Mobile Account is a digital wallet account that facilitates you to bank digitally from your featured phone, without having an internet connection. With this account, you can conveniently send and receive money, pay bills, check your balance, and view your account statement
Features:
Real-time account opening
No internet needed
24/7 access to your account
Unique TPin for all your transactions
Debit Card* with 400+ discounts
*Debit Card will be available for customers upon biometric verification.

Account Limit:

Following transactional limits are applicable on UBL Asaan Mobile Account:
Limits
Details
Daily Limits
PKR 25,000 per day
Monthly Limits
PKR 50,000 per month
Yearly Limits
PKR 200,000 per year
Maximum Account Balance
PKR 200,000
Upon biometric verification, following will be the account limits:
Limits
Details
Daily Limits
PKR 50,000 per day
Monthly Limits
PKR 200,000 per month
How to open UBL Asaan Mobile Account?

Opening your Asaan Mobile Account is really simple. Follow the below steps to open account anytime, anywhere without any documents.

Step 1: Dial *2262# on your keypad

Step 2: Press ‘8’ to choose UBL as your banking partner

Step 3: Provide CNIC number and issuance date

Step 4: Set your T-Pin

Account opened successfully.


UBL Netbanking

Payment Solutions at UBL

Payment systems in Pakistan have grown meaningfully over the last decade, determined by the expansion of new payment instruments, electronic payment infrastructure and changing consumer needs. UBL currently offers following acceptance channels: POS Terminals and Internet payment Gateway.
e-Commerce Payment Gateway

E-Commerce Payment Gateway has been processing e-Commerce payments since 2013 and has been a pioneer in online payment solution in the financial industry. It is powered by Etisalat UAE with strong footprints globally as well, primarily in the UAE market.

To sign-up for a merchant account, you will need a UBL business account to start collecting your payments right away.

POS Terminals

In 2005 UBL became the first local bank to launch its merchant acquiring business with POS terminals. POS enables merchant to accept payments through debit, credit and prepaid cards at its outlets. UBL POS allow customers to accept payments from:

VISA
MasterCard Debit & Credit Cards
PayPak
JCB
Omni
KBL
Interested in making us your Payment Partner?
Take our short quiz to know your requirements
Submit your documents online
Complete your integration
Go Live and grow your business
CLICK HERE
A preferred e-Commerce payment partner for a reason


PCI DSS Certified Secure Platform

3D Secure– Saves merchant from liability

Fraud Guard – Saves from fraud risk exposure

Multiple Payment Modes – Credit/Debit cards and Other bank account direct debit

Payment page optimized for Large screen and mobile for enhanced user experience

Seamless integration with integration plugins

Frictionless payment experience with API’s and Inline checkout

Save card information securely via 3DS Tokenization
How the transactions work?

UBL will manage the entire e-Commerce payment process for you. Transactions will be processed and funds will be settled in your linked UBL account directly.


Introducing e-Invoicing for online payment collection

We have launched an innovative payment tool for merchants who do not have a website or e-Commerce platform but are operating their businesses online over social media or any other digital channel.

With e-Invoicing, merchants can now collect their payments online without any payment gateway integration.

Generate an e-Invoice, Send it to the customer and Receive your Payments Online, It’s that simple!
Send e-Invoice via:


Email

SMS
 
Generate single e-Invoice or multiple e-Invoices in a batch


Single e-Invoice Generation

Batch e-invoice processing
 
API available to generate e-Invoice from your own platform


You can integrate your platform with our e-Invoice API and generate e-Invoices from your own platform
 
Simple, & Seamless Integration with a variety of integration modes


Rest API

Redirection


Inline Checkout

Plugins
WooCommerce
Magento
Shopify

Custom Integration
Download integration Guide


UBL Go-Green Products

The earth is our home and to protect its natural resources is everyone responsibility. UBL Go-Green is a small step in this direction – an initiative taken by the bank to give back to the environment what generations after generations have taken for granted.

A chance to breathe easy, to go back to nature: one of it’s most vital elements – the trees. Go-Green makes the environment around you paper-free. Use your mobile phones and computers for storing and getting information

The UBL Go-Green initiative offers you below mention services:

The UBL Go-Green Internet Merchant Acquiring

Secure payment mechanism
3D Secure authenticated transactions (Verified by Visa / MasterCard Secure Code)
PCIDSS Certified Payment Gateway
More Details
The UBL Go-Green E-Statement

Receive your account statement electronically on your registered email address
Secure online transmission at a frequency of your choice (daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, semi-annually)
More Details
The UBL Go-Green SMS Alerts

Get your bank transaction details the moment it happens on your specified mobile number
Real time information available at hand without visiting your branch
More Details
UBL Go-Green, a service available to you at any time –all the time, so that not only are you up-to-date with your information, you are also saving the trees and your environment.