Regular Income Plans

Our Investment Plans

The primary goal of a large number of investors is to ensure that they earn a consistent stream of income to meet their household expenses. Using our Regular Income Plans set aside some of your money in income funds and plans to ensure that you can meet all your obligations in a timely manner.
Selecting the Right Plan

At UBL Funds we offer both conventional and Shariah Compliant investment options to cater to all types of investors . Please view the available options to see which of the offered plans/funds are most suited to your needs. If you feel that the products available do not meet your requirements , please contact our team using the information provided on the Contact Us Page in this section to guide you further.



Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Conventional - Regular Income Plans

 
UMMP
UBL MAHANA MUNAFA PLAN
Get regular income on your savings and meet your household expenses with ease.


     
UIOF
UBL INCOME OPPORTUNITY FUND
Enjoy competitive rate of return of investing in quality instruments.

     
USSP
UBL SPECIAL SAVINGS PLAN
An open-end Capital Protected Fundof Funds scheme, that aims to provide investors with regular profit payouts and stable competitive returns.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.


Islamic Schemes Regular Income Plans

 
AIMMP
AL-AMEEN ISLAMIC MAHANA MUNAFA PLAN
Earn Halal income on your savings and meet your household expenses with ease.
     
AIAIF
AL-AMEEN ISLAMIC AGGRESSIVE INCOME FUND
This scheme offers a long-term avenue for the growth of your savings by investing in long-term Islamic investment instruments that do not have any exposure to the stock market.
     
AISF
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC SOVEREIGN FUND
This scheme aims to generate a competitive return with minimum risk, by investing primarily in Shariah Compliant government securities.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Saving Plans

Our Investment Plans

Years of experience have taught us that investors try to save with specific goals in mind. Whether you are looking to grow your wealth , build an equity portfolio , save for your children's education or any particular goal ,UBL Funds' diverse array of savings plans aim to cater to your needs.
Selecting the Right Plan

At UBL Funds we offer both conventional and Shariah Compliant investment options to cater to all types of investors . Please view the available options to see which of the offered plans/funds are most suited to your needs. If you feel that the products available do not meet your requirements , please contact our team using the information provided on the Contact Us Page in this section to guide you further.



Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.


Conventional - Regular Income Plans

 
UMMP
UBL MAHANA MUNAFA PLAN
Get regular income on your savings and meet your household expenses with ease.


     
UIOF
UBL INCOME OPPORTUNITY FUND
Enjoy competitive rate of return of investing in quality instruments.

     
USSP
UBL SPECIAL SAVINGS PLAN
An open-end Capital Protected Fundof Funds scheme, that aims to provide investors with regular profit payouts and stable competitive returns.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Islamic - Saving Plans

 
AICSP
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC CHILDRENS SAVINGS PLAN
Save for your children's higher education and marriage needs with ease and in accordance with the principles of Shariah.
     
AIWBP
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC WEALTH BUILDER PLAN
The smart way to get wealthier with plans that suits your lifestyle in accordance with the principles of Shariah.
     
AIEBP
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC EQUITY BUILDER PLAN
Build your equity portfolio smartly with the systematic transfer facility in accordance with the principles of Shariah.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Retirement Plans

Our Investment Plans

At UBL Funds we are committed to ensuring that our investors have a carefree and financially independent life even after they stop working. Voluntary Pension Schemes offered by UBL Fund Managers allow investors to start saving now in a systematic manner. Investors choose to contribute monthly, quarterly or in any frequency they desire while customizing the plan to their own risk profile. Our Retirement Plans.
Selecting the Right Plan

At UBL Funds we offer both conventional and Shariah Compliant investment options to cater to all types of investors . Please view the available options to see which of the offered plans/funds are most suited to your needs. If you feel that the products available do not meet your requirements , please contact our team using the information provided on the Contact Us Page in this section to guide you further.



Disclaimer: All investment in pension funds are subject to market risks. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Please read the offering document to understand the investment policies and risk involved. As per Section 63 of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, an individual or a corporate can have 20% maximum tax rebate on pension funds. Withdrawal from pension fund before retirement shall have tax implications pre-mature withdrawal from Pension funds is subject to tax. Lump sum withdrawal in excess of 50% at or after retirement age will be subject to tax.

Note: Tax credit can only be claimed only once in the minimum 2 year holding period. Consult your tax advisor for more information.


Conventional - Retirement Plans

 
URSF
UBL RETIREMENT SAVINGS FUND
Helps you plan for your life-after retirement by growing your savings over time.
     
Disclaimer: All investment in pension funds are subject to market risks. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Please read the offering document to understand the investment policies and risk involved. As per Section 63 of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, an individual or a corporate can have 20% maximum tax rebate on pension funds. Withdrawal from pension fund before retirement shall have tax implications pre-mature withdrawal from Pension funds is subject to tax. Lump sum withdrawal in excess of 50% at or after retirement age will be subject to tax.

Note: Tax credit can only be claimed only once in the minimum 2 year holding period. Consult your tax advisor for more information.


Islamic - Retirement Savings Plans

 
AIRSF
AL-AMEEN ISLAMIC RETIREMENT SAVINGS FUND
Helps you plan for your life-after retirement by growing your savings over time in accordance with the principles of Shariah.
     
Disclaimer: All investment in pension funds are subject to market risks. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Please read the offering document to understand the investment policies and risk involved. As per Section 63 of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, an individual or a corporate can have 20% maximum tax rebate on pension funds. Withdrawal from pension fund before retirement shall have tax implications pre-mature withdrawal from Pension funds is subject to tax. Lump sum withdrawal in excess of 50% at or after retirement age will be subject to tax.

Note: Tax credit can only be claimed only once in the minimum 2 year holding period. Consult your tax advisor for more information.




Invest in Equities

Build your Equity Portfolio

While investing in the stock market can be a rewarding investment avenue, it requires knowledge and understanding of the market as well as time to manage your portfolio. Our equity investors benefit from our professional expertise and up-to-date research which aims to maximize returns on their investments.
Optimize your Returns

At UBL Funds we offer both conventional and Shariah Compliant investment options to cater to all types of investors . Please view the available options to see which of the offered plans/funds are most suited to your needs. If you feel that the products available do not meet your requirements , please contact our team using the information provided on the Contact Us Page in this section to guide you further.


Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Conventional - Invest in Equities

 
USF
UBL STOCK ADVANTAGE FUND
This scheme offers you an opportunity to maximize the growth potential of your savings over the long-term by investing your money in the stock market with the help of our investment professionals.
     
UAAF
UBL ASSET ALLOCATION FUND
This scheme offers you an easy and hassle-free method of diversifying your investment to optimize returns and its security.
     
UAPPP
UBL CAPITAL PROTECTED PLANS
UAPPP is a fund of funds scheme designed to help you get potentially higher returns.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.

Islamic - Invest in Equities

 
ASSF
AL AMEEN SHARIAH STOCK FUND
This scheme offers you an opportunity to maximize the growth potential of your savings over the long-term by investing your money in the stock market with the help of our investment professionals.
     
AIAAF
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC ASSET ALLOCATION FUND
This scheme offers you an easy and convenient Shariah-compliant method of diversifying your investment to optimize returns and its security.
     
AIAPPP
AL AMEEN ISLAMIC PRINCIPAL PRESERVATION PLANS
AIAPPP is a Shariah compliant fund of funds scheme designed to help you get potentially higher returns.
     
Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.



Advisory Services

Investment Advisory Services using SMA's

Managing an investment portfolio successfully requires skill, decication and time.
Take Advantage of our tailor made investment advisory service and delegate this responsibility to our qualified professionals.
Customized Portfolio Management

At UBL Funds, we develop a customized portfolio keeping in mind your risk profile and investment objectives. Your portfolio can comprise of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and other investment instruments – tailored to address your personal preferences and specific financial goals over your desired investment tenure.

Our investment management team will work with you to help identify your investment objectives and return expectations based on your risk profile and current investment holdings
We then develop an appropriate asset allocation mix that would work towards the achievement of your investment objectives
Once the asset allocation has been agreed, your investment manager will deploy your investments in line with the investment strategy
In implementing the investment decisions, the investment management team works under clearly defined investment guidelines which allows efficient risk management of your portfolio
Is Investment Advisory the right option for you?

Managed Accounts offer many benefits over other ways of investing and are ideal for clients whose investment objectives do not naturally fit within the mandates of mutual fund investment schemes. You should consider opening a Managed Account if you:

Enjoy the benefits of working closely with an investment advisor
Seek exclusive fund management and investment advisory services
Have a specific investment style or financial goal that requires personalized and flexible strategy construction
Have a substantial lump sum to invest


Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.




Reduce Your Taxes

How do tax credits Work?

Avail tax credit on investment in both mutual fund and pension schemes and enhance the overall return on your savings.
A tax credit is a kind of tax saving that you can get on your income tax for the year if you invest in mutual fund schemes, investment plans or pension schemes.
This tax savings facility can be availed by both salaried and self-employed individuals in accordance with the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001.
The amount of tax credit that you will be entitled to will be adjusted from your payable annual income tax for the year thus giving you an overall tax saving. 
Is there any condition on getting a tax credit?

The only condition is that you need to hold your investment for a period of at least two years (as per the Income Tax Ordinance), applicable on investments in a mutual fund scheme or investment plan.
In case of investment in a pension scheme, you need to hold your investment for at least one year to be eligible to claim a tax credit. However, if you withdraw any amount from your investment in a pension scheme before your preselected retirement date then a tax penalty will be charged which will be equivalent to your average tax rate of last 3 years.
How much tax credit can I get?

The amount of tax credit you can avail is dependent on your income tax rate and the amount you wish to invest. You may visit the tax calculator at the link below to calculate how much tax rebate you can avail.

Click Here
How can I claim my tax credit amount?

In order to claim your tax credit amount you can do the following:

If you are a salaried individual, you can inform your Human Resources (HR) or Finance Department about your investments and ask them to adjust your tax credit amount from the monthly income tax deductions made from your salary
If you are a self-employed individual or a salaried individual filing your own personal income tax returns, you can adjust your tax payable and enclose a copy of your statement of investment along with your documents when you file your returns


Disclaimer: *To avail Tax Rebate on mutual funds, a minimum investment holding period of two years from the date of investment is required. As per Section 62 of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, an individual investor of open end mutual fund (unit trust schemes) can claim tax credit on investment up to Rs. 2,000,000/- or 20% of individual’s taxable income (whichever is lower) on an investment made in Mutual Funds between July 1st and June 30th.**As per Section 63 of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, an eligible person joining pension scheme at any age shall be allowed 20% Tax Rebate per annum for each year. Withdrawal from pension fund before retirement shall have tax implications. Pre-mature withdrawal from Pension funds is subject to tax. Lump sum withdrawal in excess of 50% at or after retirement age will be subject to tax. All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of the future results. Please read the Offering Document to understand the investment policies and the risks involved.

Note: Consult your tax advisor for more information. The benefits shown in the table are calculated based on Maximum Investments Subject to respective income brackets as defined in Finance Act 2019 1 As per Section 62 and 63 of ITO 2001. Maximum tax rebate on Mutual Funds 20% and Maximum tax rebate on pension funds 20% for any individual.


How to Invest

Services offered by UBL Netbanking

Managing Investments with UBL Fund Managers is made easy through UBL Netbanking. UBL Netbanking offers the following services to its clients.

Open Online Investment Account with UBL Fund Managers (UBL Funds e-Account)
Make subsequent/additional investments in UBL Fund Managers
Schedule subsequent investments
Check your Investment Value through UBL Netbanking
What is UBL Funds e-Account and how one can avail this facility for investment with UBL Fund Managers?

It is the facility for UBL Account holders to open Online Investment Account with UBL Fund Managers directly through UBL Netbanking without filling out any account opening form

Click Here for a Video Demo of e-Account

Opening e-Account is very easy and simple, you just need to login your UBL Netbanking and go to “Funds Investment” under ‘My payments’ menu and click on “Open e-Account with UBL Fund Managers” and follow the instructions to complete the process.

Any supporting documents required at the time of e-Account opening can be sent to customercare@ublfunds.com

Since e-Account is an online account hence all future transactions to be carried out through electronic modes offered by UBL Fund Managers.

Who can use UBL Funds e-Account facility?

UBL Netbanking users having account maintained in PKR can avail this facility.

To open e-Account go to ‘Funds Investment’ under ‘My payments’ menu and click Open e-Account with UBL Funds to complete the procedure.

Note:
This facility is not available for Corporate/Jointly operated bank accounts
Making investment in UBL Funds does not affect your Netbanking daily/monthly limit. However, you must be registered to any one of the monthly subscription packages of Netbanking other than basic package. This means you can invest as much as you want without worrying about your Netbanking limit.
I am an overseas UBL Account holder can I also open UBL Funds e-Account?

Yes, you can open UBL Funds e-Account if you are using UBL Netbanking service and maintaining PKR Account in Pakistan.

What is the minimum investment requirement for UBL Funds e-Account opening?

Investment can be initiated with as minimum as Rs.500/-. However every investment scheme has different minimum investment criteria and there is no limit for maximum investment.

How I will get confirmation of UBL Funds e-Account opening?

Once, UBL Funds e-Account Opening process will be completed successfully, a confirmation email would be sent to your registered email address along with updated transaction statement for your ready reference.

Can I invest in multiple schemes during UBL Funds e-Account opening?

At the time of account opening, you can invest in single scheme. Once e-Account is opened then you can investment in other schemes using UBL Netbanking.

Is this service available 24x7?

Yes, request for UBL Funds e-Account opening can be initiated round the clock.

How much time required for UBL Funds e-Account opening?

It takes approximately 6-8 business days to open your e-Account with UBL Fund Managers followed by a confirmation email from UBL Fund Managers.

Note:
As part of e-Account opening process UBL Fund Managers will contact you for further verification / details during our business hours. In case your verification remains incomplete at the end of 15 days from the time of e-Account request submission, the request would be marked cancelled and the transaction amount shall be reversed/ credited to your bank account. For details please contact: 0800-00026 | Overseas clients: (+9221) 35622781

6Is there any other option to open Investment Account with UBL Fund Managers?

Yes, the investment account can also be opened through physical forms. For more details please call 0800-00026 or email us customercare@ublfunds.com

Is there any requirement to maintain minimum investment balance?

There is no such requirement to maintain minimum investment balance.

Does my Netbanking fund transfer limit affects when I make investment online?

No, making investment in UBL Funds does not affect your Netbanking daily/monthly limit. However, you must be registered to any one of the monthly subscription packages of Netbanking other than basic package. This means you can invest as much as you want without worrying about your Netbanking limit.

How do I use Netbanking for additional investment in UBL Funds Product?

If you are maintaining UBL Funds Investment Account. You can invest in respective UBL Funds investment scheme via Net Banking by following mentioned simple steps:

Select Funds Investment from ‘My payments’ menu
Select Investment Scheme in which you want to invest
Enter investment amount
Click on ‘Pay’ to make the transaction
Enter your valid Netbanking pin to complete transaction
Are there any charges on investment through Netbanking service?

There is no service charge for making investment via Netbanking service whereas the applicability of investment charges (Front-end load) varies from product to product.

I have made additional investment from UBL Netbanking but I have received no confirmation as yet.

It takes 2-3 business days for issuance of units and confirmation is sent via email and/or SMS. For more details please call 0800-00026.

How can I schedule my payments for Investment in UBL Funds through Netbanking? (Auto Payment)

You can schedule your investments in UBL Funds on monthly, weekly, annual and time-factor basis through Netbanking

Select Schedule Payment ‘My payments’ menu
Click on Add Schedule Payment Instructions
Select Investment Scheme in “Pay To” option
Enter investment amount
Choose frequency, starting date and times.
Click on ‘Schedule Transfer’ to schedule your investments
Enter your valid Netbanking pin to complete transaction
Can I change my schedule of investments?

Yes, you can delete or modify the instructions given for schedule investments at a later stage.

I have mistakenly placed my funds in ULPF, how can I change the type?

Please inform UBL Funds by calling the helpline 0800-00026 for necessary assistance. Alternatively you can report the problem to UBL helpline 111825888

Note:
Once units are issued you may convert your units to desired investment scheme. To convert units you may login to your UBL Funds Online or call UBL Funds helpline 0800-00026 or sms TR to 8258 for assistance

Why against few schemes option for “pay” is disabled?

You may not pay against few schemes as separate account opening form is required. Once you have made initial investment in that particular scheme by filling out form then you may further invest in these schemes.

How can I view my investments with UBL Funds?

You can easily access your investment account details through:

UBL Funds Online - Get 24x7 access to your investment account. To register sms ONLINE to 8258
UBL Funds Mobile- Simply sms VALUE < your 10-digit Customer ID > to 8258.
UBL Netbanking- Check your investment value in My Accounts section. Also details of the subsequent investments made via Net Banking can be viewed.
UBL Funds Contact Center– Call Toll Free Number 0800-00026 of UBL Funds from 9 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Monday to Friday. We are closed on Saturdays, Sundays and any other public holidays.
What is the procedure to withdraw investments?

You can place your request for redemption (withdrawal) in most of the schemes through UBL Funds Online. For more details contact Toll Free: 0800-00026 | Overseas clients: (+9221) 35622781

I have invested Rs. X amount but only Rs. Z (Z = X-charges) is shown, why is there a difference in the amount?

Some of our Products have certain fee/charges applicable at the time of investments therefore you may see the difference between the amount invested and the amount shown on your statement of account. For further details you may contact your investment advisor or call 0800-00026 | Overseas clients: (+9221) 35622781.

How can I contact UBL Fund Managers?

You may contact UBL Funds through following channels:

UBL Funds Contact Center – Call Toll Free Number 0800-00026 and for overseas clients (+9221) 35622781 from 9:00 am to 9:00 pm (PST) Monday to Friday.
E-Mail - Send your queries to customercare@ublfunds.com
SMART Centers- Visit your nearest Investment Center. To locate Investment Center near your city Click Here
SMS – INVEST to 8258 | and our representative will contact to facilitate you.
For details of investment schemes offered by UBL Fund Managers, please Click Here

For details of SMART Services offered by UBL Fund Managers, please Click Here

How can I contact UBL?

You may contact UBL through following channels:

UBL Contact Center - Call UBL helpline 111825888. The service is available round the clock
E-Mail- Send your queries to customercare@ublfunds.com
Can I make additional investment through UBL Phone Banking?

Yes, additional investment can also be made through UBL Phone banking using any of the following options:

SMS PB to 8258 and UBL Phone banking team will call back to take your investment request.
Call (+9221)111825888 to speak to phone banker to place your transaction.
How can I acquire my investment balance details?

Investment balance details can be checked through UBL Netbanking and UBL Funds Online. For more details call (+9221) 0800-00026.



Disclaimer: All investments in mutual funds and pension funds are subject to market risks. The NAV of units may go up or down based on market conditions. Past Performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.


UBL Tezraftaar Remittance Services
UBL Tezraftaar offers the most convenient way to send remittance to your loved ones while living abroad.
Money Transfer
Money Transfer
Connectivity with 100+ money transfer exchange houses/
financial institutions

Working 24/7
Working 24/7
Business and customer service teams dedicated to your needs

Platform Compliance
Alternate Delivery Channels
UBL Digital App, internet banking channels and other delivery channels

Free of Cost
Free of Cost
Best of all, the service is completely free

Easy Collection
Easy Collection
Collect remittance over the counter from a UBL Branch or
receive it in an account

Global Availability
Global Availability
Service available via all UBL Overseas branches


NRP Services

UBL over the years has taken progressive steps and has introduced innovative products and services to provide you a variety of banking and financing services. We have a wide network of over 1300 Branches and over 800 ATM's in Pakistan and presence in overseas locations in UAE, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, UK, USA, China, Tanzania and Switzerland. Our in-depth understanding of your banking needs has helped us to offer products and services that suit you the best. Our global network of correspondent banks and wide range of remittance options empowers you to remit money from anywhere and our robust technological framework allows banking without visiting the branch.

UBL offers a comprehensive array of banking services for Non-Resident Pakistanis. From Savings accounts to Signature Priority Banking services and from Investments in Mutual Funds, to an array of loans and credit card products; we offer 360° NRP banking solutions under one roof. All our new-age banking services are supported by a secure and proven technology that facilitates seamless banking.

NRP Direct

Simply Revolutionary!

United Bank brings you a simple & convenient way to open, fund & operate a bank account in Pakistan. NRP Direct facilitates you to manage your bank account remotely from anywhere in the world, round the clock. Now feel at home with your NRP Direct account!
Features and Benefits
Online Communication
With NRP Direct no physical presence is required; you can be in the comfort of your home and still have a bank account in your native hometown. It’s easy, convenient and the first & only service of its kind ever to be launched for Non-resident Pakistanis!
PKR Accounts Operable Nationwide
The first-of-its-kind service to be launched by any bank in Pakistan, the NRP Direct account can be operated like any other regular account. The PKR account will be operable anywhere in Pakistan.
Primary and Supplementary ATM Cards
NRP Direct customers will also be issued a primary and supplementary ATM card. With a UBL ATM card you can withdraw money from any ATM in Pakistan for easy access to cash.
Cheque Book
To get your cheque book, all you have to do is order, download & mail us the cheque book requisition form and the cheque book will be delivered at your doorstep.

In case you have already chosen the cheque book option in the account opening form, then you do not need to order it separately.
UBL Netbanking
With your NRP Direct account you are directly linked to all the exciting features and benefits of Netbanking- absolutely free. You can:
Monitor and manage your bank account with 24/7 access.
View real time balances, statements and receive alerts.
Instant funds transfer to any bank account across Pakistan.
Enjoy the convenience of paying bills remotely for countrywide telcos & utility bill companies.
Schedule recurring payments on weekly/monthly basis.
Order your Primary/Supplementary ATM card.
Send gifts to anyone in Pakistan from our alliances and pay through Netbanking.
Invest in Pakistan by sitting abroad via our e-IPO and funds investment portfolio.
These features and many more make this facility the first of its kind to be offered by any bank in Pakistan.
Rates & Charges

Description	Charges
Initial Deposit	PKR 50,000 (Cheque should be in local currency equivalent of PKR 50,000)
Minimum Avg. Monthly Balance (MAMB)	PKR 50,000
Cheque Clearing Charges(Initial Deposit Cheque only)	0.6% of the initial deposit or $16 whichever is lower
Cheque Clearing Charges	0.6% of the initial deposit or $7 whichever is higher
Minimum Balance Fee	PKR 50
Annual ATM Card Fee (Primary)	Waived
Annual ATM Card Fee (First Supplementary)	Waived
Cheque book Fee (50 Leaves)	As per SOC
Annual Net Banking - Subscription Fee	Waived
International Mailing Charges	PKR 2500/-
Zakat Deduction	Exempt
PERSONALIZED CUSTOMER SUPPORT

Get personalized support from us anytime, write to us at customer.services@ubl.com.pk or call us on 021-111-825-888 / (+9221) 2446949.


Roshan Digital Account

Non-Resident Pakistani? Open your account
from anywhere in the world at UBL.
APPLY NOW
* For opening a joint account, please drop us an email at roshan@ubl.com.pk
* Recommended Browsers: Latest version of Chrome,Firefox,Safari & Edge

 Open account online roshan digital account
Digital Account Opening
 Investment in Naya Pakistan Certificates
Investment in Naya Pakistan Certificates
 Repatriate funds with UBL Roshan Digital Account
Repatriable funds
 Multi currency account
PKR/FCY Account
 Funds Transfer
Funds
Transfer
 Funds Transfer
Term Deposit Investment
 UBL Roshan Equity Investment
Roshan Equity Investment
 UBL Roshan Samaaji Khidmat
Roshan Pension Plan & Mutual Funds
 Invest Real Estate
Invest in Real Estate
 UBL Roshan Apna Ghar
Roshan Apna Ghar
 UBL Roshan Apni Car
Roshan
Apni Car
 UBL Roshan Samaaji Khidmat
Roshan
Samaaji Khidmat
Roshan Digital Account empowers Non-resident Pakistanis to open accounts anytime, anywhere without visiting a branch in Pakistan.
ACCOUNT OPENING PROCESS

1
Click on 'Apply for Roshan Digital Account' and follow the simple steps to open an Islamic or Conventional, Current or Savings account in either FCY (USD, EURO, GBP, SAR, AED) or PKR currency.

2
Once you have completed the form and submitted the documents our representative will get in touch with you within 48 hours. (If Required)

3
To manage your account and investments, you will receive an email with a link to access UBL Net-banking. Use the link to create a username and password to access and manage your account digitally.

4
You can view your account details including balance by logging in to Net-banking & UBLDigital App.

5
You can now invest into Stocks & Investment Certificates as well for attractive returns. Log in to Net-banking, Click on Roshan Services & start investing!